I think you three are all in the same group. Don't talk about early chaos.
You guys hurry back to your seats. When others think of it, it is late.
It is difficult to drive a car. I don’t care if the three of you are together.
Don't be so upset again. I caught them all after calling the police.
You don't want to do anything I say.
You want to die. I won't stop you.
I don't want to die. I want to get off. We come and go.
Hold it down. car.
Let's open the door or get out of the car. parking.
I want to get off too. parking. I want to get off too.
Your car is unsafe. Four late.
You can't hear clearly. If you don't listen, why don't you ask me?
Then you park. Everybody get off the car.
Get them out of the car.
Don't think of us